Pointer Basics

Objective: The objective of this assignment is to practice working with pointers in Go.

Instructions:

Introduction to the Assignment:

a. Objective: Explain that the goal of this assignment is to help students understand how to work with pointers in Go, including declaring, dereferencing, and modifying values using pointers.

b. Key Concepts: Highlight that students will write a Go program that uses pointers to modify the values of variables. They will create functions that take pointers as arguments and perform operations on the variables they point to.

Task Description:

a. Pointer Variables:

Instruct students to create a Go program that includes variables of different data types (e.g., integers, floats, strings).
Encourage students to declare pointer variables for these data types. For example, they can declare *int pointers, *float64 pointers, and *string pointers.
b. Pointer Functions:

Ask students to define functions that take pointers as arguments. For example, they can create a function that increments an integer value using a pointer to that integer.
Students should also define functions that demonstrate operations like modification, dereferencing, and printing values using pointers for each data type.
c. Usage and Demonstration:

Encourage students to use these functions to modify and print the values of the variables they declared in step 2a.
Demonstrate how modifying values through pointers affects the original variables.
Testing:

a. Pointer Manipulation: Instruct students to test their program by calling the pointer functions with different data types and verifying that the values are correctly modified.

b. Printing Results: Ask students to add print statements to display the values of variables before and after pointer operations, helping them verify the changes.

Code Submission:

Instruct students to submit the Go program (main.go) containing the variable declarations, pointer definitions, and functions. They should also provide comments explaining their code and demonstrating the use of pointers.

Grading Criteria: This assignment can be graded based on the correctness of the pointer operations, the accuracy of variable modifications using pointers, and the clarity of the code and comments.