Conditional Statements

Objective: The objective of this assignment is to understand conditional statements (if, else if, else) in the Go programming language.

Instructions:

Introduction to the Assignment:

a. Objective: Explain that the goal of this assignment is to practice using conditional statements (if, else if, else) to make decisions in a Go program.

b. Key Concepts: Highlight the key concepts students will practice: conditional statements, user input, and branching logic.

Task Description:

a. Voting Eligibility Program: Instruct students to write a Go program that determines whether a person is eligible to vote based on their age.

b. User Input: Ask students to take user input for the person's age.

c. Conditional Statements: Have students use conditional statements (if, else if, else) to handle multiple scenarios:

If the person is underage (e.g., below 18 years old), display a message indicating that they are not eligible to vote.
If the person is of voting age (e.g., between 18 and 65 years old), display a message indicating that they are eligible to vote.
If the person is a senior citizen (e.g., 65 years or older), display a message indicating that they are eligible to vote, with a note about senior citizens.
d. Output Messages: Students should provide clear and informative output messages for each condition.

Sample Output:

Provide examples of expected output messages for different input scenarios. For instance:

plaintext
Copy code
Enter your age: 17
Sorry, you are not eligible to vote.

Enter your age: 30
Congratulations, you are eligible to vote!

Enter your age: 70
You are a senior citizen and eligible to vote.
Code Structure:

Instruct students to structure their code with clear comments explaining each section and condition.

Testing:

a. Input Validation: Ensure that students validate user input for non-numeric values and negative numbers.

b. Test Cases: Encourage students to test their program with various age values to ensure it handles different scenarios correctly.

Submission:

Instruct students to submit their Go program files.

Grading Criteria: This assignment will be graded based on the following criteria:

User Input: Proper handling of user input.
Conditional Statements: Correct implementation of conditional statements to determine voting eligibility.
Output Messages: Clear and informative output messages for each condition.
Code Structure: Readability and clarity of code structure and comments.
Testing: Thorough testing of the program with different age values.