Control Structures - Loops

Objective: The objective of this assignment is to practice using loops (for or while) in the Go programming language for repetitive tasks.

Instructions:

Introduction to the Assignment:

a. Objective: Explain that the goal of this assignment is to use loops (for or while) to generate and print a multiplication table for a given number.

b. Key Concepts: Highlight the key concepts students will practice: loops, multiplication, and repetitive tasks.

Task Description:

a. Multiplication Table Program: Instruct students to write a Go program that generates and prints a multiplication table for a given number. The table should include products from 1 to 10.

b. User Input: Ask students to take user input for the number for which the multiplication table should be generated.

c. Loop Implementation: Have students use loops (for or while) to calculate the products of the given number with numbers from 1 to 10.

d. Output Format: Specify the format for the output, which should resemble a multiplication table with rows and columns.

Sample Output:

Provide an example of expected output for a given input number. For example:

plaintext
Copy code
Enter a number: 5

Multiplication Table for 5:

5 x 1 = 5
5 x 2 = 10
5 x 3 = 15
5 x 4 = 20
5 x 5 = 25
5 x 6 = 30
5 x 7 = 35
5 x 8 = 40
5 x 9 = 45
5 x 10 = 50
Code Structure:

Instruct students to structure their code with clear comments explaining each section, including the loop implementation.

Testing:

a. Input Validation: Ensure that students validate user input for non-numeric values and negative numbers.

b. Test Cases: Encourage students to test their program with different input numbers to ensure it generates the correct multiplication table.

Submission:

Instruct students to submit their Go program files.

Grading Criteria: This assignment will be graded based on the following criteria:

User Input: Proper handling of user input.
Loop Implementation: Correct implementation of loops to calculate the multiplication table.
Output Format: Proper formatting of the multiplication table.
Code Structure: Readability and clarity of code structure and comments.
Testing: Thorough testing of the program with different input numbers.